# 09/05/2018

Long time since my last log

A lot of things had happen since then! I got married, traveled to US, read some new books (mostly about business administration), went to some meetups and started some new projects

The last few days I've been working on a Vue application for IQ360, a chatbot with the honorable mission of helping people learn more how to invest their money

I'm really in love with Vue, it has a amazing documentation (easily the best one I've ever used) and a really straighfoward aproach to SPAs implementation. I really recomend you to stop eveything you are doing right now and go learn Vue! You can thank me later hahaha

Beside all of this, I've been thinking on how to keep our team at RV growing in a healthy way. I believe our biggest challenge at this moment is to keep our level of comunication as high as it can be but in order to keep it this way we need to reinvent the way we comunicate every time our team double in size and this is a really big fucking challenge. 

The hardest part is to identify when and where to build and implement a new comunication process. Usually people believe that processes just slow down the company, making it harder to move faster and to inovate and this is true! That's why you need to know if the culture can fit the new process and if it's the right time to make this new idea a thing cause there is really no way to grow without creating processes.

## Life experience

Something that I learned this week: It is really liberating assume you are wrong in something but it's even more liberating to know you are right but let people think you believe you are wrong. Sometimes this is what you need to do to avoid conflicts with less experienced developers, for example.

## Note to myself 

While IE is still a thing I should never use Array.includes again

## Reading (again)

The Distracted Mind: Ancient Brains in a High-Tech World - Adam Gazzaley e Larry D. Rosen

## Listening

- [Dimmu Borgir - Eonian](https://open.spotify.com/album/0GYTO5zMXZe1mJSnkh5ORt?si=hq0DiRtGTPal3IdmxAYyYg)

## Links

- :eyes: [VueJS Docs](https://vuejs.org/)
- :o: [IQ360 Chatbot - Made With Vue](https://dsv.iq360.com.br/investimentos/ferramentas/assistente-virtual/#/)
- :heavy_exclamation_mark: [Array.includes](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/contains)