# 30/11/2018

I've been thinking about a lot of different stuff lately, tbh that's how my mind works when I'm completely taken by anxiety, overthinking is really not cool and is keeping me from write some decent stuff here.

I'm going to try something new here today, I'm not posting just a link without any explanation about the content, I'm going to explain, or at least describe, what is "inside" the link.

## Links

- [Thinking in Triplicate](https://medium.com/mule-design/a-three-part-plan-to-save-the-world-98653a20a12f) - This article by Erica Hall is probably one of the best articles about design and business I have ever read. Erica manages to show the readers how sometimes having the best experience maybe does not fit the product strategy from a business point of view. It's not hard to remember a lot of products that had a great UX but failed as business, leaving a lot of users behind. This is the kind of knowledge we need to improve the products we create and the business we build. 

- [You are not a product - Brave Browser](https://brave.com/) - Brave is a web browser that comes bundled with a Ads and tracker blocker by default. What does it mean? It means you should install it on your smartphone right now to start saving money. Accordingly to Brave website: "The average mobile browser user pays as much as $23 a month in data charges to download ads and trackers — that’s $276 a year. Brave blocks ads and trackers, so you don’t pay for them.". Brave Browser also runs on the top of a Chromium base, so you can expect almost everything you can find on Google Chrome. I've been using Brave and I'm pretty happy on how faster and economic it is.



