# 04/01/2018

Today my rotine at RV started to get back on track, some real work to do, [@raphaelfabeni](https://www.github.com/raphaelfabeni) is back from vacation with almost 6kg of açai on account and a lot of stories about great places in Bahia, so now our team is almost complete!

But I still had time to read and to think about some important things about ethic and about our jobs as developers. We are shaping the future. At our side we have scientists helping us taking technology one step further. But our work already started to take others people jobs, some of us are building softwares to replace, well... us. I believe we may feel deeply sorry to be part of this in the future. What we gonna do when more than a half of the planet population turn unemployable? I'm not saying unemployed, I'm saying unemployable, people that will not have any opportunities cause they will not have any jobs available.

I think it's something we may have to deal soon. 

## JS

A good way to find the average between two numbers without creating a lot of side effects is using array reduce. 

```
const numbers = [25, 34, 48, 56];
const result = scores.reduce((total, score) => total + score)
console.log(result)
```

## Leadership

Sometimes the lack of information to guide the team or project to a conclusion can lead to disagreements and when things like this happen the best option is to revisit the issue later. 

## Links

- :page_facing_up: [You need to STOP these BAD developer habits NOW](https://hackernoon.com/you-need-to-stop-these-bad-developer-habits-now-468ae877700f)
- :movie_camera: [Harry Roberts | CSS for Software Engineers for CSS Developers | CSS Day 2016](https://vimeo.com/177216958)