# 08/01/2018

Back from the weekend! I think It's going to be pretty hard to keep this log updated on weekends because I usually have a lot of things to do and I dedicate my free time to my fiancée. But it do not means that I didn't read anything. 

How often do you think about your mental health? We usually avoid talk about this topic but the truth is that almost every human being is suffering from a different mental disease at some level. I believe developers are one of the most affected groups; anxiety, panic syndrome, impostor syndrome and depression are commom diseases among us and I'm pretty sure you may identify yourself with one of these. A good way to deal with your own emotions is to know yourself. Identify, interpret and control your emotions isn't a easy task but it's not impossible and a good way to start is by writing everything you think, feel and do. I've been doing this for a few months now and I can clearly see the difference in every aspect of my life. I recommend you to do the same!

## Writing better

**Never Use "thing"**
Describe everything with more details. A thing is not a "thing", it surelly has a more descriptive name.

**No Brackets**
Usually everything inside brackets can be placed outside.

**Use less prepositions** 
You don't move out, you just move. You don't free up time, you make time. 

**Eliminate redundant references**
You don't need to make a reference to your previous sentence in the beginning of the next one, your reader is not dumb, he will remember it. 

## Links

- :page_facing_up: [Read This If You Want To Keep A Journal But Don’t Know How](http://dariusforoux.com/how-to-journal/)
- :page_facing_up: [A PLAN TO RESCUE THE WEB FROM THE INTERNET](https://staltz.com/a-plan-to-rescue-the-web-from-the-internet.html)
- :page_facing_up: [Careful Now](https://css-tricks.com/careful-now/)

